# Artificial Image Generator
## Method description
Artificial images were generated following a described method 61 using a Java program called, artificialImageGenerator which was developed 7 to reproduce a previously described MatLab routine 49. 

## Method Validation
The functionality of the Java program was evaluated by direct comparison with the MatLab version of the algorithm (Supplemental Figure 1). In brief, sets each containing 1000 independently generated 118 x 118 pixel synthetic planes representing moving blobs were created to contain ten simulated point sources moving on an horizontal straight line at a constant pixel displacement per frame (i.e., 0.27 pixel/frame) and were initialized by adding a background (black) intensity value of B = 10 to each pixel. In order to model different image qualities (vis. SNR), point sources were assigned 12 increasing PPI values (Supplemental Table I) and microscopic observation was simulated by sampling a Gaussian of σ = 1 pixel and µ = PPI, centered at each known point position. In order to model Poisson-distributed Shot noise associated with CCD camera image acquisition, the peak intensity PPI of each pixel was replaced with a number sampled at random from a Poisson distribution of mean value µ = PPI. All random numbers were generated independently for every trial and plane. Artificial planes are stored as unscaled 16-bit TIFF files. For validation purposes, these planes were directly compared (i.e., pixel-per-pixel) to those generated using the published algorithm 49. As shown in Supplemental Figure 1, discrepancies measured either as the number of discordant pixels (Supplemental Figure 1, Top) or as the distance from ground-truth (DGT; Supplemental Figure 1, Bottom) of the observed mean intensities over the entire image, were very rare and consistent to numerical errors due to well known rounding differences between MatLab and Java and possibly due to the use of different hardware.
